Hello and welcome to this workshop on Next.js.
So the workshop is going to be multiple videos
which walks you through
how to create an Universal JavaScript application,
software, website, whatever you want to call it,
using the framework, Next.js.
So, we're going to build up a conference schedule website.
I'm gonna talk through how to build that.
There are links to GitHub repos
and specific tags
where you can copy the code as you go along
or you can code as you follow along here.
I'm also going into the details
as to how things work and why.
Talk about some gotchas and some tips
that I've learned along the way,
having built my own Next JS applications,
both for side projects
and for clients in kind of a professional setting.
So before we dig into some code,
I just want to kinda cover what Next is.
So Next is a framework for React.
So it kinda abstracts a few things away.
And a few of the things that really draw me to Next is
that the zero configuration.
Literally no webpack files,
no battle lossy files.
I don't have to write any of
that to actually get something going.
You can get very far without any configuration whatsoever.
The second thing is it provides
out of the box service side rendering.
So we're going to, in the next video,
put together a really basic web page
that is hello world using the Next framework,
but I'll show you how
that is rendering both on the client side
when you navigate to it but also on the server side
and delivering all the html,
kind of a hydrated React app over the wire.
So you get all the performance benefits or the SEO benefits.
And really as someone, like myself,
who is kind of an advocate and pro performance,
and using the technology for the best job that it can,
Next is a really, really good fit given
that the amount of set up required is practically zero.
Now there are a few things to do like in soar Next
and write your first page,
but otherwise, there's no configuration.
I'm not a big fan of configuration in the first place.
So Next is used in the wild in a few places.
Here are some of the examples
that I've just pulled
from one of the GitHub issues on the Next repo.
The Open Collective, Netflix jobs,
bunch of different places.
I believe Deliveroo are already using it.
I think that's changed already
and that this issue wasn't made by me,
but it's kinda live, in the wild track places
where Next is actually used.
Some of the big benefits of Next is well is
that it solves some of your pain points.
So, I did kind of a canvas, not very scientific survey
but a survey of people who are taking this workshop
and the pain points that keep coming up were webpack.
Now webpack 4 is very good.
It's supposed to be zero configuration
but there's still a little bit that you have to know
where as Next allows you to know nothing about webpack.
Keeping up with a moving technology.
It's a tough one no matter what
but with Next for instance, it works with React 16 today.
Takes advantage of things like code splitting,
dynamic imports, all of that's out of the box.
A lot of it is kind of,
I don't want to use the word hidden
but kind of happens for you
without having you to do anything.
So, code splitting will happen automatically for you.
This one, it could be time consuming
to get a simple app up and running.
When I see this, it's such a pain point for me, personally.
I hate having to spend an hour just
to be able to get a page to render.
I'd much rather just be writing the logical code
that does the thing that I want to build
and Next kind of moves
that all of that nonsense out of the way.
And these last two, kind of duplication of back end
and front end and hydration.
Again, Next is gonna reuse the code
that we run inside the client on the server side for us.
Exactly the same code without any additional changes
for us to make.
So Next JS was created by
or put out by Zeit.co.
Really innovative little company.
And they have a deployment platform called Now
which we'll look at much later on in the videos.
That's their main product.
Next was the project that kind of came out,
I think, of this website as well.
And they are also authors of,
where is it, Socket JS, Socket.io
which you'll be familiar with.
They are very, very solid team of developers.
And it's reliable, it's moving frequently
and there are updates being made
even between running this workshop the first time
and recording this video today, there've been significant,
in fact, there's been a major bump
in the version of Next already.
I expect, if you're watching this a few months
after it's been released, there'll be more updates to Next.
So the place to get Next is from GitHub.
Let's go and head to that open source
which is somewhere here.
Open source.
And scroll on here, this is the one we want to work with.
So, it's all up on GitHub.
I was signed in earlier.
So it's all up on GitHub
and it gives you direction on how to do this stuff.
There's a few decent articles out
on the web, learning resources,
but you'll learn with these videos is a little bit more
of what goes behind the scenes.
Particularly gotchas, workflow patterns
for working with servers and so on.
So, in the next video we're going to get started,
instal Next and create our first webpage.